[mqttembeddedbroker] add deprecation note (#7717)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.io.mqttembeddedbroker/README.md

# MQTT Broker Moquette

> **Attention:** Moquette is no longer maintained upstream and this addon is therefore considered deprecated in openHAB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Attention:** Moquette is no longer maintained upstream and this add-on is therefore considered deprecated in openHAB. 
```

It is recommended to switch to an external broker like mosquitto.

> The Moquette addon will be removed in a future release of openHAB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Moquette add-on will be removed in a future release of openHAB.
```
